the-project/README.md, before:

# TODO List Application

The answers for The Project was done in a seperate repo from exercise `3.6` and onwards and their releases are given below. See the links below.

### [Project Repository](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project)

**Chapter 4**

- [Release for exercise 3.6](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.6)
- [Release for exercise 3.7](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.7)
- [Release for exercise 3.8](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.8)
- [Release for exercise 3.9](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.9)
- [Release for exercise 3.10](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.10)
- [Release for exercise 3.11](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.11)
- [Release for exercise 3.12](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.12)

**Chapter 5**

- [Release for exercise 4.2](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/4.2)
- [Release for exercise 4.3](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/devops-with-kubernetes/blob/4.3/the-project/PROMETHEUS_QUERY.md)

Commit message:

Complete exercise 4.5 - Add updating TODOs for the project

the-project/README.md, after:

# TODO List Application

The answers for The Project was done in a seperate repo from exercise `3.6` and onwards and their releases are given below. See the links below.

### [Project Repository](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project)

**Chapter 4**

- [Release for exercise 3.6](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.6)
- [Release for exercise 3.7](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.7)
- [Release for exercise 3.8](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.8)
- [Release for exercise 3.9](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.9)
- [Release for exercise 3.10](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.10)
- [Release for exercise 3.11](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.11)
- [Release for exercise 3.12](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/3.12)

**Chapter 5**

- [Release for exercise 4.2](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/4.2)
- [Release for exercise 4.3](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/devops-with-kubernetes/blob/4.3/the-project/PROMETHEUS_QUERY.md)(not part of The Project)
- [Release for exercise 4.5](https://github.com/aritrabiswas2004/mooc-the-project/tree/4.5)
